[Applause]
good morning
it's 7 20 and
i am just gonna play with the dogs for a
bit i am really looking forward to going
back i'm also really upset to be leaving
[Music]
um
come on so here i went
on the air track for the very last time
which was quite sad i've got to say
because i spent pretty much the whole of
lockdown on this thing
[Music]
okay this is all packed i can't see
everything but this is all
decor duvet then i've got these two
boxes as you can see there i've just put
a board game
and then like random bits that couldn't
fit in the kitchen box lily we're having
a look
okay we're ready to go
[Music]
as if i nearly locked the key in the car
lola good girl come on
in go in
oh and here i needed to let down the
air track and arrow and so i was just
lying on the air
roll and yeah this was quite good fun
i've got to say
and then we headed off
this man over there
[Music]
oh yeah this is my room oh it's really
nice dad
like really nice it's so much nicer than
i thought it would be
okay everything is moved in pretty much
there's one more box coming up here
and i'm gonna leave it like i'm not
gonna unpack because we're gonna go
straight off
to north devon to go do some surfing and
then we're going to sleep in the car
so i'll be back tomorrow morning i just
packed a few things to bring to north
devon with us
so my rucksack and then a towel and a
coat
we're officially back in exeter and
we're going to go and get
five guys for lunch it's what time is it
it's five to three
oh well that took us an hour to unpack
but we were like looking around and
everything and it's really nice like
we're
well i'm really really happy so we drove
into extra city central to get some
lunch because we were quite hungry
by this point and i've got to say it was
really quite scary to see how many
people there
were in the streets i hadn't seen that
many people all at once
for six months and we went to five guys
but
i was quite stressed
we're in north devon now and we're
heading to the beach
[Music]
soft wax is one of my favorite smells
we're now at dinner but we're late by
like an hour
because we lost track of time
so as i said we decided to sleep in the
car and
we just put the heating up on full just
to warm up we turned it off afterwards
this is me in the toilet at the car park
it was like a caravan park thing but we
were
able to park there overnight and sleep
in the car so we had sleeping bags and
we just put the
seats in the car all the way back
[Music]
it was really cozy like it was a lot
more comfortable and a lot nicer than
you would think
and how wonderful is this for you to
wake up to
good morning um we slept at you pretty
well like we were sleeping under the
stars for some of it
we slept pretty well didn't we dad like
okay we i said i wake up a lot in the
night but
we were slept outside like on
the bed at first which is really cool
and the stars were so clear and
now we're gonna go surfing but it's so
cold and the waves are really bad
[Music]
so we got back to exeter and i just
started to unpack so i
made my bed like put the mattress
protector and sheets on and then
blakely arrived so we ended up catching
up for a bit and then we
went out for dinner with both of our
dads this restaurant herbies is honestly
incredible you have to try it if you're
ever an extra
okay i'm going to go to bed i'm going to
facetime my mom
and show her my room
i literally haven't done any unpacking
because i've been chatting with blakeney
and
i went out for dinner and things so i
will see you tomorrow morning where i
will actually unpack
do
you